chore: encryption-context changes (#300)
awslabs/aws-encryption-sdk-specification: framework/structures.md

##### Encryption Context

The [encryption context](./structures.md#encryption-context) is a key-value pair provided by users and is associated with the branch key.

> The key of this encryption context is alway prepended with `aws-crypto-ec:`.

Reviewer: Are we ok with this? This is very technically a breaking change right?

Author: I need to remove this because technically it's not true. Will commit Tony's suggestion.

##### Encryption Context

> The [encryption context](#encryption-context) associated with this beacon key.

Reviewer: Why is the encryption context of the branch key prepended but the beacon key is not?

> The [encryption context](#encryption-context) associated with this beacon key.

Author: ```suggestion
The [encryption context](./structures.md#encryption-context) is a key-value pair provided by users and is associated with the beacon key.
```
